Add info about CLL data platform support (#4925)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/column-level-lineage.md

## Caveats

> Following are the CLL caveats/limitations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are the CLL caveats/limitations. 
```

Reviewer: non blocker

- **Parsing error** &mdash; Error occurs when the SQL is ambiguous or too complex for parsing. An example of ambiguous parsing scenarios are _complex_ lateral joins.
- **Python error** &mdash; Error occurs when a Python model is used within the lineage. Due to the nature of Python models, it's not possible to parse and determine the lineage.
- **Unknown error** &mdash; Error occurs when the lineage can't be determined for an unknown reason. An example of this would be if a dbt best practice is not being followed, like using hardcoded table names instead of `ref` statements.

### Data platform support

> CLL in dbt Cloud works with the following data platforms: 

Reviewer: non blocker sugg
```suggestion
dbt Cloud's CLL currently supports the following data platforms:
```

- Snowflake
- BigQuery
- Redshift
- Databricks (Unity Catalog) 

> The following adapters aren't currently supported by CLL in dbt Cloud. More of these platforms will be supported in the future. 

Reviewer: sugg active voice, non blocker
```suggestion
Currently, dbt Cloud's CLL doesn't support the following adapters. It will support more of these platforms in the future:
```

- **Parsing error** &mdash; Error occurs when the SQL is ambiguous or too complex for parsing. An example of ambiguous parsing scenarios are _complex_ lateral joins.
- **Python error** &mdash; Error occurs when a Python model is used within the lineage. Due to the nature of Python models, it's not possible to parse and determine the lineage.
- **Unknown error** &mdash; Error occurs when the lineage can't be determined for an unknown reason. An example of this would be if a dbt best practice is not being followed, like using hardcoded table names instead of `ref` statements.

### Data platform support

CLL works with the dbt Cloud supported warehouses, including but not limited to Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, and Databricks (Unity Catalog). 

> CLL doesn’t currently support the Hive metastore version of Databricks, Apache Spark, Starburst/Trino, or Microsoft Fabric. Coming soon. 

Reviewer 2: CLL in dbt Cloud works with the following data platforms: Snowflake, BigQuery, Redshift, and Databricks (Unity Catalog). 

The following adapters aren't yet supported by CLL in dbt Cloud: Hive metastore version of Databricks, Apache Spark, Starburst/Trino, and Microsoft Fabric. More of these platforms will be supported in the future.
